the numbers inside number 12
at Missouri Baptist Hospital it's busy
about my wait time I'll start cutting it
into rolling I have clean hands now what
starts coming down the editing well all
the way up to the top yeah it's gonna be
down now okay this is where mice like
said 1 2 3 4 80 minutes left all right
this is elevator number 12 and the Zuri
Baptist is waiting to hear this motor
yeah the motors the best I haven't heard
it yet from inside wait just heard from
outside
that is patient I do only to that this
an old Montgomery - sounds like a mile
Repub this is light so kind of you lead
beautiful it's got a low ceiling there's
de luces head and right here smell this
is a nice elevator we are one number 12
look at that cab and that beautiful look
how little the ceiling is there it goes
bang that's it that is it